AST-3472 - Fix:Multiple dotted borders are visible on focus when accessibility is enabled (#5380)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Header-Footer Builder - Social - Background spacing issue breaking UI in customizer preview.
- Fix: Block Editor - After WordPress 6.3 compatibility title visibility SVG icon jerks on page load with slow networks.
- Fix: Site Identity - Logo Width sizes not working as expected in the customizer preview.

> - Fix: Duplicate dotted borders are visible on focus when accessibility is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Duplicate dotted outlines are visible on focus of the close-menu toggle icon when accessibility is enabled.
```
